You slowly open your eyes and stretch out on the bed; the morning sun shining
through the small window lightens the room, gently waking you from a solid
sleep. Your room isn't large but who cares? You're on Mars! You were specially
selected for the advance preparation team. A dream job if there ever was one!
One of the seven software engineers picked out to be a part of the preparation
team. It's hard to believe that this whole thing started barely ten months ago
but here you are. You, and 139 other people, were chosen as the team to get
Mars ready for the larger colony ship.

Once your vessel obtained Martian orbit, each of the seven groups were dropped
to their assigned planetary locations. The project planners decided that
having seven different locations would increase the chances that at least one
of them would be successful. Of course they didn't describe it that way. They
said that they wanted colonies spread across the planet so that they would
have a better chance of monitoring the planet as a whole, rather than just one
small region. In any case, Boston, Kansas, and Chicago were deployed in the
northern hemisphere. Alabama, Journey, and Survivor were spread out in the
souther hemisphere. Your colony, Bon Jovi, was smack dab right on the equator.

It only takes a few minutes for you to go through your morning routine and
then you are on your way to the common room. A few of the others are already
milling around and waking up to steaming cups of coffee and trays of
reconstituted prepackaged food. The breakfast isn't much. Your group is still
using that prepackaged stuff from the ship since the farming guys are not set
up yet. Slackers! They promise they will be soon and then you'll be back to
fresh food!

As you're eating, Director Goliss walks into the room. She looks, as always,
busy and concerned. She's the director for Bon Jovi colony so the success, or
failure, of this whole site pretty much rests on her. As far as you've seen
she is up for the job. Quite capable. Just a little stressed most of the time.

She catches your eye and strides purposefully towards your table. She pulls
out a chair and sits. "There you are. I was hoping to find you here. How are
you liking it here so far?" Before you can answer she continues. "Sorry to
interupt but I've got an important assignment for you. Last night I got a
message from Van Halen." That is the base back on Earth. Someone thought it
would be funny to have Bon Jovi, and all of the other "bands", take orders
from Van Halen. "Van Halen said that they need the surface side weather data
right away. I need you to get that reporting software done as soon as
possible."

You nod. That's right. The weather logging software that you've been putting
off. It's not that it's no fun. It's just that, well, there are so many other
fun things to be doing here. The logging software is pretty simple. Just
collect the readings from the various weather stations and create a report.

"Yeah, sorry Director," you reply. "I've just been a bit distracted. But I'll
get to that program right away. I should be able to finish it in the next day
or two." Director Goliss smiles at you. "Thanks. I knew you would be able
to. And when you're done, be sure to send copies to the other
colonies. Journey was already whining about the software being late."  She
stands from the table looking just a little more relieved. "Now to get some of
this recycled breakfast. I can't wait for the farms to start working!"  She
quickly heads off.

Just a few days after setting up the common room someone had painted a picture
of a young man and woman on one of the walls. The names "Tommy" and "Gina"
were written over them and the line "Livin' on a prayer" underneath. "Well,"
you say quietly to yourself, "I don't know if we're really 'half-way there'
yet but I know 'we'll make it, I swear'". You finish off your breakfast and
head to the computer lab. Time to write some software.


